factfinder.address=aws-ccv2-q2-ff00.distrelec.com
distrelecfactfindersearch.export.upload.scp=false
distrelecfactfindersearch.export.upload.scp.host=aws-ccv2-q2-ffad.distrelec.com
distrelecfactfindersearch.export.upload.scp.folder=/data/env-aws-ccv2-q2/factfinder/ff-resources/FACT-Finder/export

# session timeout matches distrelecB2Bstorefront tomcat session-timeout (120m)
default.session.timeout=7200

catalog.sync.workers=1

corsfilter.distrelecB2BOCC.allowedOrigins=\
  https://tech.distrelec.at \
  https://tech.distrelec.be \
  https://tech.distrelec.biz \
  https://tech.distrelec.ch \
  https://tech.distrelec.cz \
  https://tech.distrelec.de \
  https://tech.elfadistrelec.dk \
  https://tech.elfadistrelec.ee \
  https://tech.elfadistrelec.fi \
  https://tech.distrelec.fr \
  https://tech.distrelec.hu \
  https://tech.distrelec.it \
  https://tech.elfadistrelec.lv \
  https://tech.distrelec.lt \
  https://tech.distrelec.nl \
  https://tech.elfadistrelec.no \
  https://tech.elfadistrelec.pl \
  https://tech.distrelec.ro \
  https://tech.elfa.se \
  https://tech.distrelec.sk \
  ${corsfilterLocalDistrelecB2BOCCAllowedOrigins}

#-------------------------------------------------------------------
# Site settings
#-------------------------------------------------------------------
# The following settings has to bes set for every site.
# See also https://wiki.namics.com/display/distrelint/HowTo+creat+a+new+site
#-------------------------------------------------------------------
ccv2.occ.backend.base.url.distrelecStore.value=https://tech.api.distrelec.com
# Settings for AT
# Site URL mapping
website.distrelec_AT.http=http://tech.distrelec.at
website.distrelec_AT.https=https://tech.distrelec.at
website.headless.distrelec_AT.http=http://tech.distrelec.at
website.headless.distrelec_AT.https=https://tech.distrelec.at
website.storefront.distrelec_AT.http=http://tech.storefront.distrelec.at
website.storefront.distrelec_AT.https=https://tech.storefront.distrelec.at
# Qualified media URLs
media.distrelec_AT.http=http://tech.media.distrelec.com
media.distrelec_AT.https=https://tech.media.distrelec.com

# Settings for CH
# Site URL mapping
website.distrelec_CH.http=http://tech.distrelec.ch
website.distrelec_CH.https=https://tech.distrelec.ch
website.headless.distrelec_CH.http=http://tech.distrelec.ch
website.headless.distrelec_CH.https=https://tech.distrelec.ch
website.storefront.distrelec_CH.http=http://tech.storefront.distrelec.ch
website.storefront.distrelec_CH.https=https://tech.storefront.distrelec.ch
# Qualified media URLs
media.distrelec_CH.http=http://tech.media.distrelec.com
media.distrelec_CH.https=https://tech.media.distrelec.com

# Settings for DE
# Site URL mapping
website.distrelec_DE.http=http://tech.distrelec.de
website.distrelec_DE.https=https://tech.distrelec.de
website.headless.distrelec_DE.http=http://tech.distrelec.de
website.headless.distrelec_DE.https=https://tech.distrelec.de
website.storefront.distrelec_DE.http=http://tech.storefront.distrelec.de
website.storefront.distrelec_DE.https=https://tech.storefront.distrelec.de
# Qualified media URLs
media.distrelec_DE.http=http://tech.media.distrelec.com
media.distrelec_DE.https=https://tech.media.distrelec.com

# Settings for DK
# Site URL mapping
website.distrelec_DK.http=http://tech.elfadistrelec.dk
website.distrelec_DK.https=https://tech.elfadistrelec.dk
website.headless.distrelec_DK.http=http://tech.elfadistrelec.dk
website.headless.distrelec_DK.https=https://tech.elfadistrelec.dk
website.storefront.distrelec_DK.http=http://tech.storefront.elfadistrelec.dk
website.storefront.distrelec_DK.https=https://tech.storefront.elfadistrelec.dk
# Qualified media URLs
media.distrelec_DK.http=http://tech.media.distrelec.com
media.distrelec_DK.https=https://tech.media.distrelec.com

# Settings for EE
# Site URL mapping
website.distrelec_EE.http=http://tech.elfadistrelec.ee
website.distrelec_EE.https=https://tech.elfadistrelec.ee
website.headless.distrelec_EE.http=http://tech.elfadistrelec.ee
website.headless.distrelec_EE.https=https://tech.elfadistrelec.ee
website.storefront.distrelec_EE.http=http://tech.storefront.elfadistrelec.ee
website.storefront.distrelec_EE.https=https://tech.storefront.elfadistrelec.ee
# Qualified media URLs
media.distrelec_EE.http=http://tech.media.distrelec.com
media.distrelec_EE.https=https://tech.media.distrelec.com

# Settings for EX
# Site URL mapping
website.distrelec_EX.http=http://tech.distrelec.biz
website.distrelec_EX.https=https://tech.distrelec.biz
website.headless.distrelec_EX.http=http://tech.distrelec.biz
website.headless.distrelec_EX.https=https://tech.distrelec.biz
website.storefront.distrelec_EX.http=http://tech.storefront.distrelec.biz
website.storefront.distrelec_EX.https=https://tech.storefront.distrelec.biz
# Qualified media URLs
media.distrelec_EX.http=http://tech.media.distrelec.com
media.distrelec_EX.https=https://tech.media.distrelec.com

# Settings for FI
# Site URL mapping
website.distrelec_FI.http=http://tech.elfadistrelec.fi
website.distrelec_FI.https=https://tech.elfadistrelec.fi
website.headless.distrelec_FI.http=http://tech.elfadistrelec.fi
website.headless.distrelec_FI.https=https://tech.elfadistrelec.fi
website.storefront.distrelec_FI.http=http://tech.storefront.elfadistrelec.fi
website.storefront.distrelec_FI.https=https://tech.storefront.elfadistrelec.fi
# Qualified media URLs
media.distrelec_FI.http=http://tech.media.distrelec.com
media.distrelec_FI.https=https://tech.media.distrelec.com

# Settings for FR
# Site URL mapping
website.distrelec_FR.http=http://tech.distrelec.fr
website.distrelec_FR.https=https://tech.distrelec.fr
website.headless.distrelec_FR.http=http://tech.distrelec.fr
website.headless.distrelec_FR.https=https://tech.distrelec.fr
website.storefront.distrelec_FR.http=http://tech.storefront.distrelec.fr
website.storefront.distrelec_FR.https=https://tech.storefront.distrelec.fr
# Qualified media URLs
media.distrelec_FR.http=http://tech.media.distrelec.com
media.distrelec_FR.https=https://tech.media.distrelec.com

# Settings for IT
# Site URL mapping
website.distrelec_IT.http=http://tech.distrelec.it
website.distrelec_IT.https=https://tech.distrelec.it
website.headless.distrelec_IT.http=http://tech.distrelec.it
website.headless.distrelec_IT.https=https://tech.distrelec.it
website.storefront.distrelec_IT.http=http://tech.storefront.distrelec.it
website.storefront.distrelec_IT.https=https://tech.storefront.distrelec.it
# Qualified media URLs
media.distrelec_IT.http=http://tech.media.distrelec.com
media.distrelec_IT.https=https://tech.media.distrelec.com

# Settings for LT
# Site URL mapping
website.distrelec_LT.http=http://tech.distrelec.lt
website.distrelec_LT.https=https://tech.distrelec.lt
website.headless.distrelec_LT.http=http://tech.distrelec.lt
website.headless.distrelec_LT.https=https://tech.distrelec.lt
website.storefront.distrelec_LT.http=http://tech.storefront.distrelec.lt
website.storefront.distrelec_LT.https=https://tech.storefront.distrelec.lt
# Qualified media URLs
media.distrelec_LT.http=http://tech.media.distrelec.com
media.distrelec_LT.https=https://tech.media.distrelec.com

# Settings for LV
# Site URL mapping
website.distrelec_LV.http=http://tech.elfadistrelec.lv
website.distrelec_LV.https=https://tech.elfadistrelec.lv
website.headless.distrelec_LV.http=http://tech.elfadistrelec.lv
website.headless.distrelec_LV.https=https://tech.elfadistrelec.lv
website.storefront.distrelec_LV.http=http://tech.storefront.elfadistrelec.lv
website.storefront.distrelec_LV.https=https://tech.storefront.elfadistrelec.lv
# Qualified media URLs
media.distrelec_LV.http=http://tech.media.distrelec.com
media.distrelec_LV.https=https://tech.media.distrelec.com

# Settings for NL
# Site URL mapping
website.distrelec_NL.http=http://tech.distrelec.nl
website.distrelec_NL.https=https://tech.distrelec.nl
website.headless.distrelec_NL.http=http://tech.distrelec.nl
website.headless.distrelec_NL.https=https://tech.distrelec.nl
website.storefront.distrelec_NL.http=http://tech.storefront.distrelec.nl
website.storefront.distrelec_NL.https=https://tech.storefront.distrelec.nl
# Qualified media URLs
media.distrelec_NL.http=http://tech.media.distrelec.com
media.distrelec_NL.https=https://tech.media.distrelec.com

# Settings for NO
# Site URL mapping
website.distrelec_NO.http=http://tech.elfadistrelec.no
website.distrelec_NO.https=https://tech.elfadistrelec.no
website.headless.distrelec_NO.http=http://tech.elfadistrelec.no
website.headless.distrelec_NO.https=https://tech.elfadistrelec.no
website.storefront.distrelec_NO.http=http://tech.storefront.elfadistrelec.no
website.storefront.distrelec_NO.https=https://tech.storefront.elfadistrelec.no
# Qualified media URLs
media.distrelec_NO.http=http://tech.media.distrelec.com
media.distrelec_NO.https=https://tech.media.distrelec.com

# Settings for PL
# Site URL mapping
website.distrelec_PL.http=http://tech.elfadistrelec.pl
website.distrelec_PL.https=https://tech.elfadistrelec.pl
website.headless.distrelec_PL.http=http://tech.elfadistrelec.pl
website.headless.distrelec_PL.https=https://tech.elfadistrelec.pl
website.storefront.distrelec_PL.http=http://tech.storefront.elfadistrelec.pl
website.storefront.distrelec_PL.https=https://tech.storefront.elfadistrelec.pl
# Qualified media URLs
media.distrelec_PL.http=http://tech.media.distrelec.com
media.distrelec_PL.https=https://tech.media.distrelec.com

# Settings for SE
# Site URL mapping
website.distrelec_SE.http=http://tech.elfa.se
website.distrelec_SE.https=https://tech.elfa.se
website.headless.distrelec_SE.http=http://tech.elfa.se
website.headless.distrelec_SE.https=https://tech.elfa.se
website.storefront.distrelec_SE.http=http://tech.storefront.elfa.se
website.storefront.distrelec_SE.https=https://tech.storefront.elfa.se
# Qualified media URLs
media.distrelec_SE.http=http://tech.media.distrelec.com
media.distrelec_SE.https=https://tech.media.distrelec.com

# Settings for CZ
# Site URL mapping
website.distrelec_CZ.http=http://tech.distrelec.cz
website.distrelec_CZ.https=https://tech.distrelec.cz
website.headless.distrelec_CZ.http=http://tech.distrelec.cz
website.headless.distrelec_CZ.https=https://tech.distrelec.cz
website.storefront.distrelec_CZ.http=http://tech.storefront.distrelec.cz
website.storefront.distrelec_CZ.https=https://tech.storefront.distrelec.cz
# Qualified media URLs
media.distrelec_CZ.http=http://tech.media.distrelec.com
media.distrelec_CZ.https=https://tech.media.distrelec.com

# Settings for HU
# Site URL mapping
website.distrelec_HU.http=http://tech.distrelec.hu
website.distrelec_HU.https=https://tech.distrelec.hu
website.headless.distrelec_HU.http=http://tech.distrelec.hu
website.headless.distrelec_HU.https=https://tech.distrelec.hu
website.storefront.distrelec_HU.http=http://tech.storefront.distrelec.hu
website.storefront.distrelec_HU.https=https://tech.storefront.distrelec.hu
# Qualified media URLs
media.distrelec_HU.http=http://tech.media.distrelec.com
media.distrelec_HU.https=https://tech.media.distrelec.com

# Settings for RO
# Site URL mapping
website.distrelec_RO.http=http://tech.distrelec.ro
website.distrelec_RO.https=https://tech.distrelec.ro
website.headless.distrelec_RO.http=http://tech.distrelec.ro
website.headless.distrelec_RO.https=https://tech.distrelec.ro
website.storefront.distrelec_RO.http=http://tech.storefront.distrelec.ro
website.storefront.distrelec_RO.https=https://tech.storefront.distrelec.ro
# Qualified media URLs
media.distrelec_RO.http=http://tech.media.distrelec.com
media.distrelec_RO.https=https://tech.media.distrelec.com

# Settings for SK
# Site URL mapping
website.distrelec_SK.http=http://tech.distrelec.sk
website.distrelec_SK.https=https://tech.distrelec.sk
website.headless.distrelec_SK.http=http://tech.distrelec.sk
website.headless.distrelec_SK.https=https://tech.distrelec.sk
website.storefront.distrelec_SK.http=http://tech.storefront.distrelec.sk
website.storefront.distrelec_SK.https=https://tech.storefront.distrelec.sk
# Qualified media URLs
media.distrelec_SK.http=http://tech.media.distrelec.com
media.distrelec_SK.https=https://tech.media.distrelec.com

# Settings for BE
# Site URL mapping
website.distrelec_BE.http=http://tech.distrelec.be
website.distrelec_BE.https=https://tech.distrelec.be
website.headless.distrelec_BE.http=http://tech.distrelec.be
website.headless.distrelec_BE.https=https://tech.strelec.be
website.storefront.distrelec_BE.http=http://tech.storefront.distrelec.be
website.storefront.distrelec_BE.https=https://tech.storefront.distrelec.be
# Qualified media URLs
media.distrelec_BE.http=http://tech.media.distrelec.com
media.distrelec_BE.https=https://tech.media.distrelec.com

# Settings for TR
# Site URL mapping
website.distrelec_TR.http=http://tech.distrelec.tr
website.distrelec_TR.https=https://tech.distrelec.tr
website.headless.distrelec_TR.http=http://tech.distrelec.tr
website.headless.distrelec_TR.https=https://tech.distrelec.tr
website.storefront.distrelec_TR.http=http://tech.storefront.distrelec.tr
website.storefront.distrelec_TR.https=https://tech.storefront.distrelec.tr
# Qualified media URLs
media.distrelec_TR.http=http://tech.media.distrelec.com
media.distrelec_TR.https=https://tech.media.distrelec.com

# Settings for Int
# Site URL mapping
website.distrelec_Int.https=https://tech-int.distrelec.com

#-------------------------------------------------------------------
# Cassandra NoSQL Database settings
#-------------------------------------------------------------------
distrelec.cassandra.cluster.endpoints=100.104.28.145
distrelec.cassandra.keyspace=distrelec_hybris_d

# DISTRELEC-21393
distrelec.order.export.ftp.directory=/uploads/dev/

# Google Tag Manager properties
gtm.tag.auth=sTXnyvSdevO3LA5P4-Ab9A
gtm.tag.preview=
gtm.tag.cookies_win=x

radware.api.distrelec_CH.app.code=tech.api.distrelec.com,tech.media.distrelec.com,tech.distrelec.ch
radware.api.distrelec_LV.app.code=tech.api.distrelec.com,tech.media.distrelec.com,tech.elfadistrelec.lv
radware.api.distrelec_AT.app.code=tech.api.distrelec.com
radware.api.distrelec_BE.app.code=tech.api.distrelec.com
radware.api.distrelec_EX.app.code=tech.api.distrelec.com
radware.api.distrelec_CZ.app.code=tech.api.distrelec.com
radware.api.distrelec_DE.app.code=tech.api.distrelec.com
radware.api.distrelec_DK.app.code=tech.api.distrelec.com
radware.api.distrelec_EE.app.code=tech.api.distrelec.com
radware.api.distrelec_FI.app.code=tech.api.distrelec.com
radware.api.distrelec_FR.app.code=tech.api.distrelec.com
radware.api.distrelec_HU.app.code=tech.api.distrelec.com
radware.api.distrelec_IT.app.code=tech.api.distrelec.com
radware.api.distrelec_LT.app.code=tech.api.distrelec.com
radware.api.distrelec_NL.app.code=tech.api.distrelec.com
radware.api.distrelec_NO.app.code=tech.api.distrelec.com
radware.api.distrelec_PL.app.code=tech.api.distrelec.com
radware.api.distrelec_RO.app.code=tech.api.distrelec.com
radware.api.distrelec_SE.app.code=tech.api.distrelec.com
radware.api.distrelec_SK.app.code=tech.api.distrelec.com
radware.api.distrelec_In.app.code=tech.api.distrelec.com,tech.media.distrelec.com,tech.distrelec.ch,tech.elfadistrelec.lv

# Fusion - S2 environment
distrelecfusionintegration.fusion.api.key.index=eb5031e1-5a3b-4954-9f29-748ffc12d1cd
distrelecfusionintegration.fusion.api.key.delete=fbf9d8b5-ac7e-45de-a2b6-adbe3b68f88d
distrelecfusionintegration.fusion.simulateupdate=false
distrelecfusionintegration.fusion.application=webshop_pretest
distrelecfusionintegration.fusion.collectionSuffix=pretest
distrelecfusionintegration.fusion.index.profile.migration.status=migration_status_pretest

ccv2.file.override.51.content=PCEtLQogQ29weXJpZ2h0IChjKSAyMDIwIFNBUCBTRSBvciBhbiBTQVAgYWZmaWxpYXRlIGNvbXBhbnkuIEFsbCByaWdodHMgcmVzZXJ2ZWQuCi0tPgo8IS0tIFRDUCBiYXNlZCBzdGFjaywgd2l0aCBmbG93IGNvbnRyb2wgYW5kIG1lc3NhZ2UgYnVuZGxpbmcuCgoJVGhpcyBpcyB1c3VhbGx5IHVzZWQgd2hlbiBJUCBtdWx0aWNhc3RpbmcgY2Fubm90IGJlIHVzZWQgaW4gYSBuZXR3b3JrLCBlLmcuIGJlY2F1c2UgaXQgaXMKCWRpc2FibGVkIChyb3V0ZXJzIGRpc2NhcmQgbXVsdGljYXN0KS4gTm90ZSB0aGF0IFRDUC5iaW5kX2FkZHIgYW5kIFRDUFBJTkcuaW5pdGlhbF9ob3N0cwoJc2hvdWxkIGJlIHNldCwgcG9zc2libHkgdmlhIHN5c3RlbSBwcm9wZXJ0aWVzLCBlLmcuIC1Eamdyb3Vwcy5iaW5kX2FkZHI9MTkyLjE2OC41LjIgYW5kCgktRGpncm91cHMudGNwcGluZy5pbml0aWFsX2hvc3RzPTE5Mi4xNjguNS4yWzc4MDBdCgoJYXV0aG9yOiBCZWxhIEJhbgotLT4KCjxjb25maWcgeG1sbnM9InVybjpvcmc6amdyb3VwcyIKCQl4bWxuczp4c2k9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzIwMDEvWE1MU2NoZW1hLWluc3RhbmNlIgoJCXhzaTpzY2hlbWFMb2NhdGlvbj0idXJuOm9yZzpqZ3JvdXBzIGh0dHA6Ly93d3cuamdyb3Vwcy5vcmcvc2NoZW1hL0pHcm91cHMtNC4wLnhzZCI+CgoKCTxUQ1AKCQlyZWN2X2J1Zl9zaXplPSIke2h5YnJpcy5qZ3JvdXBzLnJlY3ZfYnVmX3NpemU6MjBNfSIKCQlzZW5kX2J1Zl9zaXplPSIke2h5YnJpcy5qZ3JvdXBzLnNlbmRfYnVmX3NpemU6NjQwS30iCgkJbWF4X2J1bmRsZV9zaXplPSI2NEsiCgkJc29ja19jb25uX3RpbWVvdXQ9IjMwMCIKCQl0aHJlYWRfcG9vbC5lbmFibGVkPSJ0cnVlIgoJCXRocmVhZF9wb29sLm1pbl90aHJlYWRzPSIxIgoJCXRocmVhZF9wb29sLm1heF90aHJlYWRzPSIxMDAiCgkJdGhyZWFkX3Bvb2wua2VlcF9hbGl2ZV90aW1lPSI1MDAwIgoJCWJpbmRfYWRkcj0iJHtoeWJyaXMuamdyb3Vwcy5iaW5kX2FkZHJ9IgoJCWJpbmRfcG9ydD0iJHtoeWJyaXMuamdyb3Vwcy5iaW5kX3BvcnR9IiAvPgoKCTxKREJDX1BJTkcgY29ubmVjdGlvbl9kcml2ZXI9IiR7aHlicmlzLmRhdGFiYXNlLmRyaXZlcn0iCgkJY29ubmVjdGlvbl9wYXNzd29yZD0iJHtoeWJyaXMuZGF0YWJhc2UucGFzc3dvcmR9IgoJCWNvbm5lY3Rpb25fdXNlcm5hbWU9IiR7aHlicmlzLmRhdGFiYXNlLnVzZXJ9IgoJCWNvbm5lY3Rpb25fdXJsPSIke2h5YnJpcy5kYXRhYmFzZS51cmx9IgoJCWluaXRpYWxpemVfc3FsPSIke2h5YnJpcy5qZ3JvdXBzLnNjaGVtYX0iCiAgICAgICAgZGF0YXNvdXJjZV9qbmRpX25hbWU9IiR7aHlicmlzLmRhdGFzb3VyY2Uuam5kaS5uYW1lfSIKICAgICAgICByZW1vdmVfYWxsX2RhdGFfb25fdmlld19jaGFuZ2U9IiR7aHlicmlzLmpncm91cHMucmVtb3ZlX2FsbF9kYXRhX29uX3ZpZXdfY2hhbmdlfSIKICAgICAgICB3cml0ZV9kYXRhX29uX2ZpbmQ9IiR7aHlicmlzLmpncm91cHMud3JpdGVfZGF0YV9vbl9maW5kfSIgLz4KCgk8TUVSR0UzIG1pbl9pbnRlcnZhbD0iMTAwMDAiIG1heF9pbnRlcnZhbD0iMzAwMDAiIC8+Cgk8RkRfU09DSyAvPgoJPEZEIHRpbWVvdXQ9IjMwMDAiIG1heF90cmllcz0iMyIgLz4KCTxWRVJJRllfU1VTUEVDVCB0aW1lb3V0PSIxNTAwIiAvPgoJPEJBUlJJRVIgLz4KCTxwYmNhc3QuTkFLQUNLMiB1c2VfbWNhc3RfeG1pdD0iZmFsc2UiIGRpc2NhcmRfZGVsaXZlcmVkX21zZ3M9InRydWUiIC8+Cgk8VU5JQ0FTVDMgLz4KCTxwYmNhc3QuU1RBQkxFIHN0YWJpbGl0eV9kZWxheT0iMTAwMCIgZGVzaXJlZF9hdmdfZ29zc2lwPSI1MDAwMCIgbWF4X2J5dGVzPSI0TSIgLz4KCTxwYmNhc3QuR01TIHByaW50X2xvY2FsX2FkZHI9InRydWUiIGpvaW5fdGltZW91dD0iMzAwMCIgdmlld19idW5kbGluZz0idHJ1ZSIgLz4KCTxVRkMgbWF4X2NyZWRpdHM9IjIwTSIgbWluX3RocmVzaG9sZD0iMC42IiAvPgoJPE1GQyBtYXhfY3JlZGl0cz0iMjBNIiBtaW5fdGhyZXNob2xkPSIwLjYiIC8+Cgk8RlJBRzIgZnJhZ19zaXplPSI2MEsiIC8+Cgk8cGJjYXN0LlNUQVRFX1RSQU5TRkVSIC8+Cgo8L2NvbmZpZz4K
ccv2.file.override.51.path=/opt/hybris/bin/platform/ext/core/resources/jgroups/jgroups-tcp.xml
